# Matt's Super List of Programming Projects
*For submissions:* All new projects are appreciated and loved, however it really helps to leave a description as to what your program does! Thanks!

### The repository you have found is a list of projects I teach my students at "The Coder School" in California. Some of the beginning projects should have a README.md file listing the purpose of the project, what is learned from it, and an example output. If you think there should be changes in some of the projects, please make a pull request. *NOTE* These projects are made for students who are just learning the basics of programming. My youngest student to work on these has been 6 years old. If you're going to make a pull request because my project has an obscene Big O, odds are I did not make it with efficiency in mind but rather ease of understanding for those who are learning. 

### If you're new to programming and need to know where to get started, I recommend hopping into the Python folder and beginning to read the README.md of each folder. Need a place to write your code? If you're running Windows, MacOS, or Linux, you can likely install PyCharm Community Edition for developing in Python, Eclipse for Java and/or C++, or use a text-editor and compile things through the terminal. If you're not interested in installing a development environment, or need something a bit quicker to access, I recommend http://repl.it for a really quick and friendly way to get into a development environment.

## Happy Coding!